bitch we're going to show you a few
things about this machine first off the
first thing you need to do once you set
the Machine up is use a piece of
sandpaper to take the shine off the tire
now we've actually already done this so
we're just showing you what you need to
do before you run a ball through it once
you do that we've got someone over here
going to catch a couple balls the
machine right now is set on 55 miles an
hour we'll crank it up here in a minute
it's adjustable if it's throwing too
high you let it up or down if it's not
fast enough you speed it from zero to
two 70 miles an hour this baseball
softball combo machine the legs are
adjustable
a couple more pitches and we're going to
show you how to take machine apart and
what all you get with a machine when you
when it arrives
we are using real leather baseballs
dimpled balls are a little more accurate
each pitch the word playing with older
kids so we're using real balls because
they're not so accurate every time okay
we just turned the Machine off we're
going to let it stop and then show you
how simple it is to take the Machine
apart it's just as simple to put
together
[Music]
this machine only weighs about 35 pounds
very simple to move from one location to
another comes with a full five-year
factory warranty and that's pretty well
yet you're ready to load it in your car
be sure to give me a call if you get
ready to order
it visit my site machine pitching calm